Azure Machine Learning - trouble deploying web service
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48216972/azure-machine-learning-trouble-deploying-web-service?rq=1

azure ml web service return internal error
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36763348/azure-ml-web-service-return-internal-error

Deploy an Azure Machine Learning web service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/studio/publish-a-machine-learning-web-service

Error Executing ML Webservice - Error Code 4. - how to troubleshoot/resolve
https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/azure/en-US/4d4a4083-f4e2-460d-a861-6e5de3bfe9bb/error-executing-ml-webservice-error-code-4-how-to-troubleshootresolve?forum=MachineLearning

Create Azure Machine Learning Preview accounts and install Azure Machine Learning Workbench
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/preview/quickstart-installation

Azure Machine Learning: разработка сервисов машинного обучения и их использование в мобильном приложении
https://habr.com/company/microsoft/blog/275475/

Машинное обучение для страховой компании: Улучшение модели через оптимизацию алгоритмов
https://habr.com/company/microsoft/blog/334556/

Mikhail_Komarov
https://habr.com/users/mikhail_komarov/comments/

Choose parameters to optimize your algorithms in Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/studio/algorithm-parameters-optimize

AWS to Azure services comparison
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/aws-professional/services

How #AzureML and #MachineLearning are helping managing my Inbox–Part I
https://rquintino.wordpress.com/2015/02/25/how-azureml-and-machinelearning-are-helping-managing-my-inboxpart-i/

Create a VNet with a Site-to-Site VPN connection using PowerShell
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-create-site-to-site-rm-powershell

How #AzureML and #MachineLearning are helping managing my Inbox–Part I
https://rquintino.wordpress.com/2015/02/25/how-azureml-and-machinelearning-are-helping-managing-my-inboxpart-i/

Email Classification for Automated Support Ticket Generation: Step 1 of 2, Train  and Evaluate Models
https://gallery.azure.ai/Experiment/38e9d03fec40429fb026c3bef6037d03

The Enron Email Dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/ianleonard/ian-leonard-enron-email-analysis/data

Briefing MS knowledge
https://www.briefmenow.org/microsoft/which-machine-learning-library-should-you-use/

Score Matchbox Recommender
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/studio-module-reference/score-matchbox-recommender#RatingPredictionOptions

Quickstart: Handle data types and objects using R in SQL Server
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/advanced-analytics/tutorials/rtsql-r-and-sql-data-types-and-data-objects?view=sql-server-2017

Binary Classification: Flight delay prediction
https://gallery.azure.ai/Experiment/Binary-Classification-Flight-delay-prediction-3

Azure/Azure-MachineLearning-ClientLibrary-Python
https://github.com/Azure/Azure-MachineLearning-ClientLibrary-Python

JFK files project
https://jfk-demo.azurewebsites.net/#/search

How to move your Limited Trial project to Azure using the CustomVision.ai site
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/custom-vision-service/move-your-project-to-azure

R developer's guide to Azure
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/data-guide/technology-choices/r-developers-guide

How to Diagnose Overfitting and Underfitting of LSTM Models
https://machinelearningmastery.com/diagnose-overfitting-underfitting-lstm-models/

MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/tree/master/articles/cognitive-services/Custom-Vision-Service

Feature Selection modules
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/studio-module-reference/feature-selection-modules

How could I save dataset from Python Notebook?
https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/7ff443f7-16f0-49d7-899c-e89133cd9385/how-could-i-save-dataset-from-python-notebook?forum=MachineLearning

How could I save dataset from ipython notebook in Azure ML Studio?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35973168/how-could-i-save-dataset-from-ipython-notebook-in-azure-ml-studio

SMOTE in r reducing sample size significantly
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54625093/smote-in-r-reducing-sample-size-significantly

SMOTE explained for noobs - Synthetic Minority Over-sampling TEchnique line by line
http://rikunert.com/SMOTE_explained