Use the prediction endpoint to test images programmatically with a Custom Vision Service classifier
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/custom-vision-service/use-prediction-api

Tensorflow Tutorial 2: image classifier using convolutional neural network
https://cv-tricks.com/tensorflow-tutorial/training-convolutional-neural-network-for-image-classification/

Image Recognition
https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/images/image_recognition

Face Detection in Python Using a Webcam
https://realpython.com/face-detection-in-python-using-a-webcam/

Detecting and tracking a face with Python and OpenCV
https://www.guidodiepen.nl/2017/02/detecting-and-tracking-a-face-with-python-and-opencv/

Azure Cognitive Custom Vision
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44600353/azure-cognitive-custom-vision

Custom_Vision_Training_1.0
https://southcentralus.dev.cognitive.microsoft.com/docs/services/d9a10a4a5f8549599f1ecafc435119fa/operations/58f4fa2ec8cb230790062d36/console

How to choose the cascade file for face detection?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4440283/how-to-choose-the-cascade-file-for-face-detection

Face & Body Detection — OpenCV + Python
https://medium.com/@rahulvaish/face-body-detection-opencv-python-fe9194ed9f52

Watermarking images with OpenCV and Python
https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2016/04/25/watermarking-images-with-opencv-and-python/

Python cv2.add() Examples
https://www.programcreek.com/python/example/89358/cv2.add

The world's simplest facial recognition api for Python and the command line
https://github.com/ageitgey/face_recognition

opencv_traincascade Parameters explanation
http://answers.opencv.org/question/39160/opencv_traincascade-parameters-explanation-image-sizes-etc/

OpenCV upper body and lower body detection. 
https://www.edaboard.com/showthread.php?217494-OpenCV-upper-body-and-lower-body-detection

Train Your Own OpenCV Haar Classifier
https://coding-robin.de/2013/07/22/train-your-own-opencv-haar-classifier.html

Display a streamed video in full screen Opencv3
http://answers.opencv.org/question/198479/display-a-streamed-video-in-full-screen-opencv3/

video frames in reverse order
http://answers.opencv.org/question/11584/video-frames-in-reverse-order/

Error setting fullscreen property of cv2 window
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25469272/error-setting-fullscreen-property-of-cv2-window

Python OpenCV - show a video in a Tkinter window
https://solarianprogrammer.com/2018/04/21/python-opencv-show-video-tkinter-window/

Resize the OpenCV Window According to the Screen Resolution 
https://www.life2coding.com/resize-opencv-window-according-screen-resolution/

overlay a smaller image on a larger image python OpenCv
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14063070/overlay-a-smaller-image-on-a-larger-image-python-opencv

Implementing face detection using the Haar Cascades and AdaBoost algorithm
https://hub.packtpub.com/implementing-face-detection-using-haar-cascades-adaboost-algorithm/