c# distance calculation
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13999187/distance-between-addresses

convert radians to degrees and vice versa
http://www.vcskicks.com/csharp_net_angles.php

read from excel file
https://coderwall.com/p/app3ya/read-excel-file-in-c
http://csharp.net-informations.com/excel/csharp-read-excel.htm

Use Power Query to Calculate Distance
http://www.girlswithpowertools.com/2014/05/distance/

what is solution of this error:-Requests to this API must be over SSL
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/22806571/what-is-solution-of-this-error-requests-to-this-api-must-be-over-ssl

Google Distance Api returns Zero with specific Latitude Longitute
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21132011/google-distance-api-returns-zero-with-specific-latitude-longitute

Guide du d?veloppeur 
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/distance-matrix/intro?hl=fr

c# distance calculation
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13999187/distance-between-addresses

convert radians to degrees and vice versa
http://www.vcskicks.com/csharp_net_angles.php

read from excel file
https://coderwall.com/p/app3ya/read-excel-file-in-c
http://csharp.net-informations.com/excel/csharp-read-excel.htm

RichTextBox (WPF) does not have string property “Text”
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/957441/richtextbox-wpf-does-not-have-string-property-text

Wpf changing Visibility from code behind
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29062998/wpf-changing-visibility-from-code-behind

Visual Studio Deployment Project - Create shortcut to deployed executable
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3303962/visual-studio-deployment-project-create-shortcut-to-deployed-executable

Autocomplete combobox with TextSearch.TextPath and IsEditable
https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/vstudio/en-US/ece05297-5115-417f-8572-6fcae62cbeaf/autocomplete-combobox-with-textsearchtextpath-and-iseditable-?forum=wpf

WPF Auto-complete Control
https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/47481/WPF-Auto-complete-Control

What is the simplest way to get the selected text in a combo box containing only text entries?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3721430/what-is-the-simplest-way-to-get-the-selected-text-in-a-combo-box-containing-only

Add items to comboBox in WPF
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11878217/add-items-to-combobox-in-wpf

SQL update statement in C#
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15246182/sql-update-statement-in-c-sharp

Serializing/deserializing with memory stream
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10390356/serializing-deserializing-with-memory-stream

Documentation comments
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/language-specification/documentation-comments

How to automatically generate comments in Visual Studio 2010 and C#?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5301330/how-to-automatically-generate-comments-in-visual-studio-2010-and-c

How to use Azure Cognitive Search from a .NET Application
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-howto-dotnet-sdk

HTTP routing
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sandbox/functions-recipes/routes?tabs=csharp

How to read json file from blob storage using Azure Functions Blob Trigger with C#
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48405914/how-to-read-json-file-from-blob-storage-using-azure-functions-blob-trigger-with

Split and remove duplicate from String
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6715732/split-and-remove-duplicate-from-string

How can I split and trim a string into parts all on one line?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1728303/how-can-i-split-and-trim-a-string-into-parts-all-on-one-line

convert string array to string
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4841401/convert-string-array-to-string

how to check the null before splitting string
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12971024/how-to-check-the-null-before-splitting-string