DAX filter
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Desktop/Count-of-rows-after-filtering-by-a-measure/m-p/64263#M26548

GroupBY function DAX
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/mt163693.aspx

Group by a column and the group item to be shown in comma separated in single column 
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Desktop/group-by-a-column-and-the-group-item-to-be-shown-in-comma/td-p/31983

Liste
http://sql.sh/736-base-donnees-villes-francaises

https://powerbi.microsoft.com/fr-fr/documentation/powerbi-developer-walkthrough-push-data-add-rows/

TopN
https://ideas.powerbi.com/forums/265200-power-bi/suggestions/6515731-top-n-filters

Facebook
https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/powerbi-desktop-tutorial-facebook-analytics/

Sentiment Analysis in Power BI
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Community-Blog/Sentiment-Analysis-in-Power-BI/ba-p/55898

Facebook limit exceed
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Community-Knowledge-Base/Facebook-100-The-limit-parameter-should-not-exceed-100/ta-p/164790

DAX filter
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Desktop/Count-of-rows-after-filtering-by-a-measure/m-p/64263#M26548

GroupBY function DAX
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/mt163693.aspx

Group by a column and the group item to be shown in comma separated in single column 
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Desktop/group-by-a-column-and-the-group-item-to-be-shown-in-comma/td-p/31983

Liste
http://sql.sh/736-base-donnees-villes-francaises

https://powerbi.microsoft.com/fr-fr/documentation/powerbi-developer-walkthrough-push-data-add-rows/

TopN
https://ideas.powerbi.com/forums/265200-power-bi/suggestions/6515731-top-n-filters

Facebook
https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/powerbi-desktop-tutorial-facebook-analytics/

Sentiment Analysis in Power BI
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Community-Blog/Sentiment-Analysis-in-Power-BI/ba-p/55898

Facebook limit exceed
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Community-Knowledge-Base/Facebook-100-The-limit-parameter-should-not-exceed-100/ta-p/164790

Use Power Query to Calculate Distance
http://www.girlswithpowertools.com/2014/05/distance/

New tables not showing in datasets
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Service/New-tables-not-showing-in-datasets/td-p/36866

Accepted Solution a problem connecting wiht postgresql database
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Desktop/a-problem-connecting-wiht-postgresql-database/td-p/431097

PostgreSQL + powerbi desktop connection error
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Desktop/PostgreSQL-powerbi-desktop-connection-error/td-p/89940

Npgsql 3.0.3 error with Power BI Desktop
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33249814/npgsql-3-0-3-error-with-power-bi-desktop/36637126#36637126

Access Power BI API with Python
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Developer/Access-Power-BI-API-with-Python/td-p/189165

Analyzing and Visualizing Data with Microsoft Power BI
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/learning/exam-70-778.aspx

Perform Cloud Data Science with Azure Machine Learning
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/learning/exam-70-774.aspx

Python visual that functions like a Power BI Card or table visual of analysis summary?
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Desktop/Python-visual-that-functions-like-a-Power-BI-Card-or-table/td-p/490526

Python Episode 1 – A New hope
https://powerbi.microsoft.com/fr-fr/blog/pythonblogepisode1/

Bug in python visual
https://community.powerbi.com/t5/Issues/Bug-in-python-visual/idi-p/487259

Regional settings conflicting with Matplotlib for Python Visualizations in Power BI
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51859000/regional-settings-conflicting-with-matplotlib-for-python-visualizations-in-power

real-time plotting in while loop with matplotlib
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11874767/real-time-plotting-in-while-loop-with-matplotlib

Push data into a Power BI dataset
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/developer/walkthrough-push-data

Web.Contents(), M Functions And Dataset Refresh Errors In Power BI
https://blog.crossjoin.co.uk/2016/08/23/web-contents-m-functions-and-dataset-refresh-errors-in-power-bi/

Calling AML from Power BI
https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/vstudio/en-US/9826b0a7-ef58-4550-b796-06680aaedf51/calling-aml-from-power-bi?forum=MachineLearning

Anomaly detection (preview)
https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/anomaly-detection-preview/

Posts tagged: Key Influencers visual
https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/tag/key-influencers-visual/

Create key influencers visualizations
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/visuals/power-bi-visualization-influencers