Python: How to import other Python files
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2349991/python-how-to-import-other-python-files

Does Python have “private” variables in classes?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1641219/does-python-have-private-variables-in-classes

Installing pyinstaller via pip leads to “failed to create process”
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31808180/installing-pyinstaller-via-pip-leads-to-failed-to-create-process

Installing pyinstaller via pip leads to “failed to create process”
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31808180/installing-pyinstaller-via-pip-leads-to-failed-to-create-process

List dependencies in Python
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42237072/list-dependencies-in-python

Python Flask API - post and receive bytearray and metadata
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51356287/python-flask-api-post-and-receive-bytearray-and-metadata

Flask – Application
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/flask/flask_application.htm

SMOTE initialisation expects n_neighbors <= n_samples, but n_samples < n_neighbors
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49395939/smote-initialisation-expects-n-neighbors-n-samples-but-n-samples-n-neighbo

Sending string via socket (python)
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21233340/sending-string-via-socket-python

how can we use both tcpSerSock.listen(0) and tcpSerSock.send(str.encode(message)) at the same time
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48205406/how-can-we-use-both-tcpsersock-listen0-and-tcpsersock-sendstr-encodemessage

Python(Server) receiving Data from Java(client) In separate lines.. (TCP)
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56146955/pythonserver-receiving-data-from-javaclient-in-separate-lines-tcp/56147361?noredirect=1#comment98956958_56147361

Error when using pyinstaller: UnicodeDecodeError: 'utf-8' codec can't decode byte 0xff
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47692960/error-when-using-pyinstaller-unicodedecodeerror-utf-8-codec-cant-decode-byt

AttributeError: 'str' object has no attribute 'items'
https://github.com/modflowpy/flopy/issues/286

Why Python 3.6.1 throws AttributeError: module 'enum' has no attribute 'IntFlag'?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43124775/why-python-3-6-1-throws-attributeerror-module-enum-has-no-attribute-intflag

Python module win32com on Linux
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20927131/python-module-win32com-on-linux

Read .doc file with python
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36001482/read-doc-file-with-python/50796141#50796141

can't open a .docx file
https://github.com/python-openxml/python-docx/issues/229

How to read Excel files from a stream (not a disk-backed file) in Python?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11955300/how-to-read-excel-files-from-a-stream-not-a-disk-backed-file-in-python/14418409

Replacing Delimiter In CSV Files with Python
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54916686/replacing-delimiter-in-csv-files-with-python

Convert BytesIO into File
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29324037/convert-bytesio-into-file

Running a notebook server
https://jupyter-notebook.readthedocs.io/en/stable/public_server.html#notebook-server-security

access jupyter notebook running on vm
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38545198/access-jupyter-notebook-running-on-vm

How to Install, Run, and Connect to Jupyter Notebook on a Remote Server
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-run-connect-to-jupyter-notebook-on-remote-server

Convert Non-Searchable Pdf to Searchable Pdf in Windows Python
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51949231/convert-non-searchable-pdf-to-searchable-pdf-in-windows-python

Convert Non-Searchable Pdf to Searchable Pdf in Windows Python
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51949231/convert-non-searchable-pdf-to-searchable-pdf-in-windows-python

Add invisible text to pdf using python or java to make searchable pdf
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57814343/add-invisible-text-to-pdf-using-python-or-java-to-make-searchable-pdf

Generate Searchable PDFs using Docker and Azure in 15 minutes
http://martyice.github.io/docker-in-azure/

Reducing the size of pdf figure file in matplotlib
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10685495/reducing-the-size-of-pdf-figure-file-in-matplotlib

PIL png resize to smaller resolution makes file size bigger
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17002490/pil-png-resize-to-smaller-resolution-makes-file-size-bigger

Pandas conditional creation of a series/dataframe column
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19913659/pandas-conditional-creation-of-a-series-dataframe-column

MemoryError when I merge two Pandas data frames
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47386405/memoryerror-when-i-merge-two-pandas-data-frames

How do I calculate the date six months from the current date using the datetime Python module?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/546321/how-do-i-calculate-the-date-six-months-from-the-current-date-using-the-datetime

How to get the max value of a multiple column group-by pandas?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26789935/how-to-get-the-max-value-of-a-multiple-column-group-by-pandas