what is solution of this error:-Requests to this API must be over SSL
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/22806571/what-is-solution-of-this-error-requests-to-this-api-must-be-over-ssl

Google Distance Api returns Zero with specific Latitude Longitute
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21132011/google-distance-api-returns-zero-with-specific-latitude-longitute

Guide du d�veloppeur 
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/distance-matrix/intro?hl=fr

Didacticiel sur l�apprentissage automatique : Cr�ation de votre premi�re exp�rience de science des donn�es dans Azure Machine Learning Studio
https://docs.microsoft.com/fr-fr/azure/machine-learning/machine-learning-create-experiment

First steps with Non-Linear Regression in R
https://www.r-bloggers.com/first-steps-with-non-linear-regression-in-r/

How to group similar rows in R
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/28123444/how-to-group-similar-rows-in-r

Soundex en fran�ais
https://www.afpy.org/forums/forum_python/forum_general/713544195984

A gentle introduction to topic modeling using R
https://eight2late.wordpress.com/2015/09/29/a-gentle-introduction-to-topic-modeling-using-r/

How to perform Lemmatization in R?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28214148/how-to-perform-lemmatization-in-r

These Are Your Tweets on LDA (Part I)
https://wellecks.wordpress.com/2014/09/03/these-are-your-tweets-on-lda-part-i/

Demonstration of extracting key phrases with NLTK in Python
https://gist.github.com/alexbowe/879414

TUTORIAL: ONLINE LDA WITH VOWPAL WABBIT
https://mlwave.com/tutorial-online-lda-with-vowpal-wabbit/

topicmodels: An R Package for Fitting Topic Models
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/topicmodels/vignettes/topicmodels.pdf

The LDA Buffet is Now Open; or, Latent Dirichlet Allocation for English Majors
http://www.matthewjockers.net/2011/09/29/the-lda-buffet-is-now-open-or-latent-dirichlet-allocation-for-english-majors/

Walkthrough: Creating a Windows Service Application in the Component Designer
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/zt39148a(v=vs.110).aspx

IIS Express - 500.19 Cannot read configuration file - because it's looking at the wrong path
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33276878/iis-express-500-19-cannot-read-configuration-file-because-its-looking-at-th

Using topic words generated by LDA to represent a document
https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/114535/using-topic-words-generated-by-lda-to-represent-a-document

Topic Modeling In R, Carson Sievert, April 16, 2014
https://ropensci.org/blog/2014/04/16/topic-modeling-in-R/

R maptools::sunriset() working fine on CRAN R 3.1.0, but error on MS R Open 3.2.2
https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/ie/en-US/1f59cede-f6bd-40f0-93da-da013ef3c34b/r-maptoolssunriset-working-fine-on-cran-r-310-but-error-on-ms-r-open-322?forum=ropen

list of word frequencies using R
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18101047/list-of-word-frequencies-using-r

Bicycle price prediction
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-data-warehouse/sql-data-warehouse-integrate-azure-machine-learning

append multiple values for one key in Python dictionary
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3199171/append-multiple-values-for-one-key-in-python-dictionary

Adding new column to existing DataFrame in Python pandas
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12555323/adding-new-column-to-existing-dataframe-in-python-pandas

How to sum a variable by group?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1660124/how-to-sum-a-variable-by-group

Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) with Python
https://rstudio-pubs-static.s3.amazonaws.com/79360_850b2a69980c4488b1db95987a24867a.html
https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/37405/natural-interpretation-for-lda-hyperparameters

LDA Alpha and Beta Parameters - The Intuition
https://www.thoughtvector.io/blog/lda-alpha-and-beta-parameters-the-intuition/

Select number of topics for LDA model
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ldatuning/vignettes/topics.html

LDA from scratch
https://sumidiot.wordpress.com/2012/06/13/lda-from-scratch/

Topic Models, author: David Blei, Computer Science Department, Princeton University 
http://videolectures.net/mlss09uk_blei_tm/

How To Improve Deep Learning Performance
http://machinelearningmastery.com/improve-deep-learning-performance/

Deep Learning With Python
https://machinelearningmastery.com/deep-learning-with-python/

How is sentiment analysis currently being refined to improve accuracy?
https://www.quora.com/How-is-sentiment-analysis-currently-being-refined-to-improve-accuracy

how to improve sentiment analysis model?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24154015/how-to-improve-sentiment-analysis-model

Improving sentiment analysis via sentence type classification using BiLSTM-CRF and CNN
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0957417416305929

API Analyse de texte
https://azure.microsoft.com/fr-fr/services/cognitive-services/text-analytics/

Text classification via Azure ML studio
https://gallery.cortanaintelligence.com/Experiment/f43e79f47d8a4219bf8613d271ea2c45	

Using VADER to handle sentiment analysis with social media text
http://t-redactyl.io/blog/2017/04/using-vader-to-handle-sentiment-analysis-with-social-media-text.html

How can I remove duplicate rows?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18932/how-can-i-remove-duplicate-rows

Facebook wants to analyse your emotions as you browse
https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/facebook-wants-to-analyse-your-emotions-as-you-browse-8wrlb2hhb

textacy Documentation Release 0.4.1
https://media.readthedocs.org/pdf/textacy/latest/textacy.pdf

Conditional formatting - Change of chart color based on the value of the measure Options
http://community.powerbi.com/t5/Developer/Conditional-formatting-Change-of-chart-color-based-on-the-value/td-p/41263

SQL SERVER � Restore Database Backup using SQL Script (T-SQL)
https://blog.sqlauthority.com/2007/02/25/sql-server-restore-database-backup-using-sql-script-t-sql/

Probl�me de coh�rence de trajets entre aujourd'hui et en 2030 (Grand Paris)
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/navitia/swue32lBeg4

Aidez vos utilisateurs � trouver leur chemin
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/directions/?hl=fr

Walkthrough: Creating a Windows Service Application in the Component Designer
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/windows-services/walkthrough-creating-a-windows-service-application-in-the-component-designer

Fastest way to compare row and previous row in pandas dataframe with millions of rows
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29446844/fastest-way-to-compare-row-and-previous-row-in-pandas-dataframe-with-millions-of

Comparing previous row values in Pandas DataFrame
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41399538/comparing-previous-row-values-in-pandas-dataframe

append multiple pandas data frames at once
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36526282/append-multiple-pandas-data-frames-at-once

Pandas select row of data frame by integer index
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16096627/pandas-select-row-of-data-frame-by-integer-index

Select rows from a DataFrame based on values in a column in pandas
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17071871/select-rows-from-a-dataframe-based-on-values-in-a-column-in-pandas

pandas.DataFrame.append
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/generated/pandas.DataFrame.append.html

Walkthrough: Creating a Windows Service Application in the Component Designer
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/windows-services/walkthrough-creating-a-windows-service-application-in-the-component-designer

How to use auto.arima to impute missing values
https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/104565/how-to-use-auto-arima-to-impute-missing-values

Anomaly Detection in R
https://www.r-bloggers.com/anomaly-detection-in-r/

Implementing a Search Engine with Ranking in Python
http://aakashjapi.com/fuckin-search-engines-how-do-they-work/

Building a search Engine with Python
http://buildsearchengine.blogspot.fr/

Building a full text search engine: where to start [closed]
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/176213/building-a-full-text-search-engine-where-to-start

A simple search engine using Python
https://vasanthexperiments.wordpress.com/2010/12/15/a-simple-search-engine-using-python/

Create Your Own Search Engine with Python
http://www.zackgrossbart.com/hackito/search-engine-python/

Whoosh 2.7.4
https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Whoosh/

Is it reasonable to use topic words generated by LDA to represent a document?
https://www.quora.com/Is-it-reasonable-to-use-topic-words-generated-by-LDA-to-represent-a-document

Spacy
http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#spacy

Labeling documents with short text labels after topic modeling?
https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/238382/labeling-documents-with-short-text-labels-after-topic-modeling

Topic labeled text classification: a weakly supervised approach
https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2609565

Learning to Classify Text
http://www.nltk.org/book/ch06.html

Labeling documents with short text labels after topic modeling?
https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/238382/labeling-documents-with-short-text-labels-after-topic-modeling

AutomaticLabellingofTopicModels
http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/P11-1154

What are good sources to find labeled dataset for document-topic classification projects?
https://www.quora.com/What-are-good-sources-to-find-labeled-dataset-for-document-topic-classification-projects

LabeledLDA:Asupervisedtopicmodelforcreditattributionin multi-labeledcorpora
https://nlp.stanford.edu/pubs/llda-emnlp09.pdf

Feature Hashing
https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/en-us/Dn906018.aspx

Anomaly Detection Algorithm  Using Multi-agent
www.ijstr.org/final-print/april2012/Anomaly-Detection-Algorithm-Using-Multi-agents.pdf

Introduction to Anomaly Detection
https://www.datascience.com/blog/python-anomaly-detection

What are the best anomaly detection methods for natural language processing?
https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-best-anomaly-detection-methods-for-natural-language-processing

There are a dozen ways to order a coffee. Why do dumb bots only allow one?
https://medium.com/assist/theres-a-dozen-ways-to-order-a-coffee-why-do-dumb-bots-only-allow-one-27230542636d

20+ Emotion Recognition APIs That Will Leave You Impressed, and Concerned
https://nordicapis.com/20-emotion-recognition-apis-that-will-leave-you-impressed-and-concerned/

What is CallMiner RPM?
https://callminer.com/advantages/callminer-rpm/

Algorithm to find odd word in a list of english words? [closed]
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20678865/algorithm-to-find-odd-word-in-a-list-of-english-words

Are there any popular ready-to-use tools to compute semantic similarity between two words?
https://www.quora.com/Are-there-any-popular-ready-to-use-tools-to-compute-semantic-similarity-between-two-words

Sematch is an integrated framework for the development
https://github.com/gsi-upm/sematch/blob/master/README.md

Semantic Measures Library & ToolKit 
www.semantic-measures-library.org/sml/index.php?q=doc_other_tools

Sematch Documentation
gsi-upm.github.io/sematch/

Classification documents based on topic frequency
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35288429/classification-documents-based-on-topic-frequency

Place des libraires
https://www.placedeslibraires.fr/panier.php

30 things you can do with a blockchain
https://medium.com/yope-chain/30-things-you-can-do-with-a-blockchain-b23b2ab39664

Download Your Competitors' Most Profitable Keywords and Ads For Paid and Organic Search
https://www.spyfu.com/althome

WANT TO GROW YOUR ORGANIC TRAFFIC ?
https://www.accuranker.com/

7 Strategies for Monitoring Your Competitors
http://www.convinceandconvert.com/digital-marketing/monitoring-competitors/

L’encoding en Python, une bonne fois pour toute
http://sametmax.com/lencoding-en-python-une-bonne-fois-pour-toute/

Measuring Semantic Relatedness using the Distance and the Shortest Common Ancestor and Outcast Detection with Wordnet Digraph in Python
https://sandipanweb.wordpress.com/2017/10/13/measuring-semantic-relatedness-with-wordnet-in-python/

How to install Acrobat Reader in a different drive?
https://forums.adobe.com/thread/950366

Spell check not working in parts of Texmaker after copy and paste
https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/369866/spell-check-not-working-in-parts-of-texmaker-after-copy-and-paste

inputenc Error: Unicode char \u8: not set up for use with LaTeX
https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/83440/inputenc-error-unicode-char-u8-not-set-up-for-use-with-latex?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=google_rich_qa&utm_campaign=google_rich_qa

How to create new SQL Server 2012 login without SQL Server Management Studio?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20483049/how-to-create-new-sql-server-2012-login-without-sql-server-management-studio

Adding Mustaches to Webcam Feed with OpenCV and Python 
https://sublimerobots.com/2015/02/dancing-mustaches/

Look yourself in the mirror with Python and OpenCV
https://dev.mikamai.com/2014/07/18/look-yourself-in-the-mirror-with-python-and-opencv/

Python cv2.WND_PROP_FULLSCREEN() Examples 
https://www.programcreek.com/python/example/72130/cv2.WND_PROP_FULLSCREEN

Flip Image OpenCV Python
https://scottontechnology.com/flip-image-opencv-python/

Installing MacOS to VirtualBox
https://medium.com/@twister.mr/installing-macos-to-virtualbox-1fcc5cf22801

How to Install macOS High Sierra in VirtualBox on Windows 10
https://www.howtogeek.com/289594/how-to-install-macos-sierra-in-virtualbox-on-windows-10/

Keyword extraction: a review of methods and approaches
https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/bdbf/25f3dcf63d38cdb527a9ffca269fa0b8046b.pdf

Using latent semantic analysis for automated keyword extraction from large document corpora
http://journals.tubitak.gov.tr/elektrik/issues/elk-17-25-3/elk-25-3-15-1511-203.pdf

How do I turn on “always-on” for an Azure Function?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39430932/how-do-i-turn-on-always-on-for-an-azure-function