What are Typings in Typescript
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41573822/what-are-typings-in-typescript

Save D3 chart as image
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36303964/save-d3-chart-as-image

Adding External Libraries
https://github.com/Microsoft/PowerBI-visuals/blob/master/Tutorial/ExternalLibraries.md

How to save d3 graph as image on local machine?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22166232/how-to-save-d3-graph-as-image-on-local-machine

Build Your Custom Visuals in Power BI (Step-by-Step)
https://tsmatz.wordpress.com/2016/09/27/power-bi-custom-visuals-programming/

Create A Bar Chart With D3 JavaScript
http://vegibit.com/create-a-bar-chart-with-d3-javascript/

Felix's Node.js Beginners Guide
http://nodeguide.com/beginner.html

Use developer tools to create custom visuals
https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/guided-learning/powerbi-custom-visuals-getting-started-with-developer-tools/

Custom visuals: change port from 8080 
http://community.powerbi.com/t5/Developer/Custom-visuals-change-port-from-8080/td-p/108604

How to convert/save d3.js graph to pdf/jpeg
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16049538/how-to-convert-save-d3-js-graph-to-pdf-jpeg

How to give browser “save image as” option to button
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30694433/how-to-give-browser-save-image-as-option-to-button

Tutorial: Build an Interactive Virtual Globe with Three.js
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/tutorial-build-an-interactive-virtual-globe-with-three-js-33cf7c2090cb

Electron disable specific camera device access or set default webcam
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38532709/electron-disable-specific-camera-device-access-or-set-default-webcam

How To Find the USB ID of a Camera
http://qce-ga.sourceforge.net/howto-usbid.html

How do I insert code examples into an HTML file?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4707878/how-do-i-insert-code-examples-into-an-html-file

How to Upload Image From Asp.net Core IFormFile to Azure Blob Storage?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52561285/how-to-upload-image-from-asp-net-core-iformfile-to-azure-blob-storage

REDIRECT TO PAGE IN ASP.NET CORE RAZOR PAGES
http://learningprogramming.net/net/asp-net-core-razor-pages/redirect-to-page-in-asp-net-core-razor-pages/

HTML Input=“file” Accept Attribute File Type (CSV)
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11832930/html-input-file-accept-attribute-file-type-csv

Azure Functions Python developer guide
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-python

Examine the Python code files in Visual Studio Code
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/python/tutorial-vs-code-serverless-python-03

Execute raw SQL query in ASP.NET MVC, database first mode
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16807334/execute-raw-sql-query-in-asp-net-mvc-database-first-mode

Handler Methods in Razor Pages
https://www.learnrazorpages.com/razor-pages/handler-methods

How TO - Vertical Menu
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_vertical_menu.asp

How do I display a confirmation message with trying to delete a record in ASP.NET Core using Razor Pages
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57389883/how-do-i-display-a-confirmation-message-with-trying-to-delete-a-record-in-asp-ne

Display file name in page after selecting file in file input
https://codepen.io/hidde/pen/LyLmrG

How do I maintain scroll position in MVC?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/484463/how-do-i-maintain-scroll-position-in-mvc

Documentation d'Electron / BrowserWindow
https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/browser-window

Using Electron with Flask and python-shell
https://www.techiediaries.com/flask-electron-tutorial/

How to add url parameters to Django template url tag?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25345392/how-to-add-url-parameters-to-django-template-url-tag

How to configure A type record Or IP address to static website in Azure
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57472563/how-to-configure-a-type-record-or-ip-address-to-static-website-in-azure